[3.x] Update Migration Guide (#13151)
meteor/meteor: v3-docs/v3-migration-docs/typescript/meteor-types.md

# Types for Meteor 3

In order to get types working in your Meteor 3 project, you will need to add the following package:

```bash
meteor add zodern:types
```

> Also, in order to get types for Meteor core packages working in your IDE you need to have a valid `tsconfig.json` file in your project root including the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, to get types for Meteor core packages working in your IDE, you need to have a valid `tsconfig.json` file in your project root, including the following:
```

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "preserveSymlinks": true,
    "paths": {
      "meteor/*": [
        ".meteor/local/types/packages.d.ts"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

> You can find out more [here](https://github.com/zodern/meteor-types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn more about zodern:types package [here](https://github.com/zodern/meteor-types).
```
This way may be more precise.

Author: Thanks!
